.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter: NAME
.\" Second parameter, SECTION
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.TH MAILSYNC 1 "October 26, 2012"
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
mailsync \- Synchronize IMAP mailboxes
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B mailsync
.RI [ options ] " channel"
.br
.B mailsync
.RI [ options ] " store"
.br
.B mailsync
.RI [ options ] " channel store"
.br
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
\fBmailsync\fP is a command line tool to keep collections of mailboxes
synchronized. Mailboxes can reside on the local filesystem or on an IMAP
server.

\fBmailsync\fP can be invoked in three ways:

.TP 24
.B mailsync channel
Synchronizes two sets of mailboxes. In c-client taxonomy, a library on which
mailsync relies to implement mailbox access, mailboxes are referred to as
"stores".
.TP
.B mailsync store
Lists the contents of a store. It's recommended to execture this command before
synchronizing two stores to check whether mailsync is seeing what you are
expecting it to see.
.TP
.B mailsync channel store
Lists what has changed in a store since the last sync.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP 9
.B \-f file
Use alternative config file.
.TP
.B \-n
Don't delete messages when synchronizing.
.TP
.B \-D
Delete any empty mailboxes after synchronizing..
.TP
.B \-m
Show from, subject, etc. of messages that are killed or moved when synchronzing.
.TP
.B \-M
Also show message-ids (turns on \fB\-m\fP).
.TP
.B \-s
Says what would be done without doing it (turns on \fB\-n\fP).
Attention: this \fBwill\fP change the "Seen" flag of emails and will create new,
empty mailboxes in order to be able to compare them.
.TP
.B \-v
Show IMAP chatter.
.TP
.B \-vb
Show warning about braindammaged message ids
.TP
.B \-vw
Show warnings
.TP
.B \-vp
Show RFC 822 mail parsing errors
.TP
.B \-h
Show help.
.TP
.B \-d
Show debug info.
.B \-di
Debug/log IMAP protocol telemetry.
.B \-dc
Debug config.
.TP
.B \-t mid_type
Use mailsync with specified message-id algorithm. Currently you have the
choice between \fBmd5\fP and \fBmsgid\fP (default). \fBmsgid\fP uses the
Message-ID in the mail header to identify a message. \fBmd5\fP calculates
a MD5 hash from the "From", "To", "Subject", "Date" and "Message-ID" headers
and uses that as message identifier.

If you use mailclients and servers that allow empty Message-IDs (f.ex. in mail
drafts) then you should use the md5 algorithm.

.SH SEE ALSO
There is more documentation in
.IR /usr/share/doc/mailsync
, and in
.IR /usr/share/doc/libc-clientxxxxxx/internal.txt
.SH AUTHOR
Originally written by Jaldhar H. Vyas <jaldhar@debian.org> for the Debian
GNU/Linux system. Updates by T. Pospisek <tpo_deb@sourcepole.ch>.
